I'm looking at myself in the mirror and thinking, what am I going to be when I grow up? The Doctor has something cooking for this year's Science Expo, and I don't even have the brains to understand his grocery list, let alone his scientific notes.  I guess I should just be happy to have a job right now.  After the war, the pencil pushers are all over the place.  Let's get to mopping.

I open the dingy closet door and back into the hallway.  The lights are flickering. I swear I fixed that bulb last week. Anyway, I push the bucket, squish the mop, mop the floor. Rinse, repeat. I notice that the basement door is open and decide to investigate.

Funny - that door was closed last time I was in the hall. Doc must be working late, he does that a lot.  I'll just give it a knock. "Doc?"  Oh well... I probably shouldn't bother him, he keeps secrets for good reason.  If we knew everything he did, well, we wouldn't understand, that's for sure.  He hasn't been the same ever since the war.  I just wish.. I could understand even a small piece of what he does every day. Oh well. Push, squish, mop, rinse, repeat.

Dinner break.  Hmm... peanut butter and jelly sandwich or... something from one of those vending machines?  I have a few quarters in my pocket... Doc pays me well, that's for sure.  It's strange that he gave me a raise after I saw that machine of his...

As I munch on my Honey-Dew-Bar, I hear a noise in the lobby.  No one should be here this late except for Doc. I take my mop and hold it forward like one of them oriental swords that Doc had a picture of in his desk.  It fell out when I was cleaning up and he seemed pretty upset that I found it.

As I turn the corner, I see a shadow pass by the frosted glass window... I'm guessing it's just the trees. This time of year, the wind gets pretty bad. I turn around and head back towards my little dinner area. Suddenly there's a tap on my shoulder amd I swing around - unfortunately, I forgot that the bucket was right behind me. I trip, fall, and almost get a bucket full of dirty water on my head. From out of the shadows comes a small waif-like creature with short hair, a buttoned jacket and a mischevious grin.  The doctor's daughter.

She stifles a laugh, obviously she feels bad and didn't mean to knock me over.  "Very funny!"  I shout. I pretend to be mad, but honestly, I'm just glad she's giving me the time of day. Last week she didn't say one word to me, she had her head in those books all week. She has her own key, so she comes and goes as she pleases. She helps me up.

"Seen my dad?" she asks. I am not sure if he wants to be disturbed, usually, he doesn't.  I pride myself on being his gatekeeper when the security guard goes home. Even if it's his daughter.  I start to come up with an elaborate speech on how he's a very busy man, and in the middle of multiple projects, when she is already walking past me down the hall to the open door. "Wait!" I shout.

She's already down the hall and knocking on the door.  "Dad, what are you doing down there?" I catch up to the basement door as she is halfway down the stairs. I'm still stupidly holding the mop. I decide to open my mouth and say "I really think you should come back later, last time I came down here and he was in the middle of something, he was NOT happy."

It's true, I remember it like it was yesterday.  It was a little over a year ago, and I was looking for the banner for the expo.  We use the same one every year, just change the year on it.  That's when I saw the machine.  It was covered under a sheet, and I thought I saw the expo banner sticking out of the bottom, so I pulled on it.  I meant to pull out the banner only,s but the whole sheet came off.  I saw something I couldn't even begin to understand, but I never forgot it.

It was ten feet tall ; I know this because I'm almost seven feet tall. It had several tubes connected to it, reminded me of the back of a washing machine. I tried to figure out what it was made for but before I could touch it, I heard the professor coming down the stairs.  I panicked.. I didn't want him to know I saw anything, even if it was an accident.  I threw the sheet over the top of it before he got to the bottom of the staircase. I'm not sure if he knew I saw anything, but he sure was mad.  He said I had missed cleaning the entire food court area, as well as the bathrooms on the second floor.  And when I told him I was looking for the sign for the expo, he threw it at me and told me to get out.

Two weeks later, I made almost 25 dollars more. I'm not sure if he gave me a raise because he felt bad for yelling at me or what. But ever since that night, I have seem students coming in late at night.  My shift always ends before they go home.  I never asked him about it, I just felt like he wouldn't like it.

Here we are, almost a year later, and the night before the expo.  I have the sign, I just need to hang it up outside. But should I help her find her Dad first?  I decide against it.  She's already out of sight and it's not my place to get involved. I also want to protect myself... from him. Not that he would hurt me, but I've got to think of my mom.  What would she do if I was fired for sticking my nose in his business?

The wind is whipping up outside as I open the rusty roof door. I just have to hang the sign over the edge and let it roll down.  The clouds are forming pretty quickly as I heave the sign over my shoulder onto the edge of the roof.  One of the hooks are missing, figures.  Nothing in this place is tip top shape anymore, despite my best efforts.  I fumble with my tool belt to try and grab a piece of wire or spare hook, making sure I'm holding up the sign with my other hand.  I definitely don't want it to fall all the way down the 5 stories. Not that it will get damaged, but imagine hauling it all the way back up?

Be careful what you wish for, or as my mom says, be careful what you wish AGAINST. The sign slips from my grasp and tumbles over and over down until it barely misses the beat up wood-paneled sedan down below.  It must be her car, she never wanted anything fancy.  She was so used to growing up poor, even though her dad can afford it, she took the family car with pride.  Better get the sign before the rain hits.

I wrench open the heavy rusty door as the wind picks up a bit ; so much that it almost sounds like a scream.  I head back down four flights of stairs and as I'm about to make it down the hall to the lobby, I notice that the basement door is still open.  The odd thing is that I don't hear anything, not a sound.  Not the Doc shuffling papers, not him and his daughter arguing about how late he will be at work, not the gravelly cackle of a laugh he has when he's about to make a point. Nothing.

Aw, heck, it's getting late and he usually talks to me before he leaves.  It might not be such a bad idea.. "Doc?" I say, heading towards the basement door.  I hear a noise, like a piece of furniture being dragged across the floor.  Or was it a trr branch scraping against the window?  "Doctor?" I push the basement door open a little more and start to walk down the stairs. Halfway down I realize I no longer have my mop.  Such a dumb thing to think about, but I feel like if I had it I would hold it out like am oriental sword again. The stairs have no railing, I kept meaning to fix that but every time he comes down here, he keeps the door shut or locks it behind him.  "Doc?  Sorry to bother you sir but your daughter was looking for you.  Also, I just..." I hear faint sobbing.  Completely unexpected.

When I get to the bottom of the stairs, my eyes adjust to the dim light.  Besides the small window at the top, with moonlight coming through, there was a small device in the corner - Doc's piece for the expo tomorrow I think.  He showed it to me one night when he had been up for 24 hours straight and slightly delirious. It was just a small display with two green dots and a line.  He called it "Electronic Tennis".  I notice signs of a struggle, several pieces of paper strewn all over the floor, Doc's ashtray overturned on the ground, a broken coffee cup, and... for a moment, it looks like a tiny green tornado of dust.  When the dust settles, I see the machine.  It looks different than it did a year ago.  But I don't have time to notice because I figure out where the sobbing is coming from.  Doc is on the floor with his arms around the base of the machine and his cracked glasses lying on the floor next to him.

I help him up.  "What happened Doc? What can I do?"

"She... she's GONE! My brilliant daughter.. my buttercup..."

"No, no - she just came down here looking for you, did you see her?"

And this is where that famous temper reared its ugly head. This is what the doctor is known for :  "Of course I've seen her, you idiot!  She came down here and we had a fight and now she's GONE!" and his woive cracked and he sat back down on the dirty ground.  Well I certainly don't like being called names, and as much as I don't like to rock the boat either, something in me snapped.  Had a fight and she's gone? "What did you do to her?" I ask, raising up to my full height for the first time since I set foot in the laboratory. "What do you mean she's gone?  What did you fight about?"  I don't realize that my voice has raised until I see the look in his eyes - for the first time ever - fear.

"Please... you've got to help me," he cries. I'm looking around for any signs of her.  Did he attack her? Did she get away?  I almost forgot for a minute that she was his daughter. "My.. my.. baby girl.." he's looking towards the machine.  It makes a faint whirring noise and I realize that this whole time, there has been light coming from the porthole-style window in the door... the light goes out and there is a faint sound of a latch being undone, and the door pops open lazily.  It was the first time I saw the inside of the machine, and I was surprised to see it was... well.. empty. Like a closet with no clothes.

"I.. I didn't mean for this to happen... she found out what I was doing and we had an argument.." What was he doing that could be so horrible that his own daughter would not approve? And what did he do to her? I tighten my grip around the mop but before I can ask, he stands up and looks back into the machine again.  " I didn't think she'd do it.."  Just then a loud crash sounds and I lunge toward the doctor.  He grabs my mop and we struggle and suddenly I'm turned around with my back to the machine.  He pushes me in and closes the door and it automatically locks me in.

I pound on it... "What are you doing? What did you do?" But I realize it's sound-proof.  It's a useless struggle.  I don't like small spaces, and this is the smallest I've ever been in.  It doesn't help that the walls are black and the only light is coming from this milky window through which I can see the doctor pacing back and forth.  I don't know if it's the glass, but his face looks distorted.  He starts to walk up the stairs, then back down again, pacing, pacing. I can't take it anymore and decide to pound on the glass with the handle of the mop.. no use.  It's almost like he's already forgotten I was there. Just when I think he's going to leave me to rot overnight or worse, I hear a crackle and his voice from a speaker overhead.  I look through the glass and he's sitting at his desk pushing on an intercom button.  His face has an eerie calm to it, the glass almost makes him look like a wrinkled mannequin.

"Now listen to me very carefully. I know you may think this is all very bizzare, and you probably won't believe me. But you will soon."  I try to shout at him but he just keeps on talking, staring through the milky glass.  I wonder if he can see me. "I have been performing experiments for the last year. Yes, several students have gone missing. Don't pretend like you didn't notice." I.. I.. suddenly I feel guilty.  I remember when Doc had me put flyers up all over school. He said it was something he was doing in collaboration with one of the Chemistry professors, a series of experiments for extra credits.  Every time one of them showed up, he would send me home early that night.  I didn't think twice about it. How stupid!

"My daughter... disapproved of my actions.  She came down here and saw some of my papers regarding one of the missing students.  She tried to.. teach me a lesson."  I'm not sure if it's the intercom, but it sounded like his voice was breaking.  He shouted and the mic crackled "She put herself in the experiment!"  What? I am thinking to myself.  What is the experiment?  As if he can read my mind, he continues "The experiment is harmless.. now.. thanks to several failed iterations.  What if you could.. go back in time.. change things for the better? Well, I was so close.. my boy, you are standing inside of a TIME MACHINE."

I don't know what to say ; I barely understand what he's talking about.  He is oddly quiet for a minute; just when you think he's sobbing again, he says "She... I... tried to stop her... I tried to SAVE her.  When she smashed the Controller Board and locked herself inside the machine, she was able to POWER IT ON FROM THE INSIDE! I knew it would be unpredictable, so I connected the Table Tennis Controller Board as a replacement Controller Board.. it was my only hope.. and now ... well I don't know where she's gone. Please... PLEASE... I need you to find her."

I heard him fumbling around with the microphone, it was brushing against his lab coat. I wasn't sure if there was noise coming through the internal speakers, but I heard a faint, low-pitched humming noise. "Doc.. Doc, what are you doing?  What's going to happen to me?  Just... let me out of here and we'll find your daughter... just open the door." It was useless, I was talking to a wall ; he couldn't hear me, and something tells me he wouldn't listen anyway.  The humming was getting louder.

Wait.. he said she powered the machine on from the inside.. maybe.. maybe that means I can power it OFF from the inside!  I look around frantically, a lab rat in a cage.  There was a tiny speaker in the ceiling held in by four screws. I had my tool belt with me if I wanted to try and disconnect it.  What else?  There are a couple of toggle switches in the bottom corner, painted black to match the interior of the machine.. surprising that he would have them available, especially if he was trapping people in here.  There is a wire running along the wall and up and into a small box, which almost looks like an air vent."

I decide to grab the wire - just an impulse.  It is painted black and the paint has dried it stuck.  In my panic I hadn't noticed the tiny room was vibrating.  I grab the wire and rip it from the wall... the connected vent stays attached to the wall and tiny sparks flicker from the exposed wire. "What? Malfunction?" the Doctor's voice crackles through the speaker.  "No!  This can't be! Unless you are meddling with the machine!  You have no idea what you're doing, BOY!"  A green mist is starting to come out of the small vent, although I can't tell if it's because I ripped out the wire or not.

"Listen to me! GET DOWN! SIT DOWN! WRAP YOUR ARMS AROUND YOUR LEGS!"  Something tells me to listen to him ; he may be crazy, but not stupid.  He wants me to survive this experiment so I can find his daughter.  As soon as I bend over, a ball of flame shoots out from the vent, probably due to the wire I just ripped.  Then there is a silence.  I think for a second I was able to stop the machine, as I curl up in a ball like he recommended.  But then...

There is a flash of green light, like that sunny day when we lost power and I went outside and nearly blinded myself in the sun. Only there was no heat, only light and a drilling pain in the back of my head.  I felt the floor drop away and could no longer tell if I was right side up or falling fast.  I am afraid to open my eyes, but I realize that there is no wind.  I look down and see black shapes jutting down into a green mist.. then another flash and the shapes turn green and the mist turns black, and I realize I am looking up instead of down.  It reminds me of our trip to the city when I was a kid.  As the shapes float past, I realize i'm floating higher and higher ; I look down and see a series of roads and bridges, all various shades of green, some lights blinking on and off.  I have no idea what's going on, but a small part of me feels excited ; I am finally part of something bigger than myself.  Maybe I'm just relieved that I didn't die.. at least I hope that's not what happened.

As I get higher, the green meltx away and there's just blackness again.  And a green moon high in the mist.  It's so big, like what his daughter calls a "blood moon".  It's getting bigger every second!  Then, I realize it's not a moon but a large ball.  Am I floating into the sun?  Why is it green? Something tells me that I'm not floating into the sun but the sun is floating towards me.  How do I get out of the way? My grip tightens in fear and I realize I am still holding the mop.

My eyes start to adjust and I realize there seems to be only darkness and lightness - but I can start to see details.. the floor is shiny black and CLEAN... so clean it's unnatural.. I look around me and all I see is some sort of a building in my peripheral vision to the right.. so I make a run for it... hopefully I can make it before the sun burns me alive!  As I get closer, I realize it's not a building at all, but some sort of pill shaped... machine.  It is painted dark green and seems cobbled together with various metal pieces.. so out of place on the shiny clean floor... As I get closer, I see a ladder on the back corner.  I grab on to the ladder as the sun is almost completely engulfing my view.

Thank God I have a tight grip - ladder in one hand, mop in the other - because the machine is MOVING!  I hear a roaring fire and when I look down, all I see and feel is the heat of fire shooting out of some sort of thrusters underneath me.  And the entire pill-shaped box LUNGES to my left, directly in the path of the sun!  Just as I'm about to jump off (and possibly land in the middle of a fiery mess), I hear the strangest sound.  It reminds me of something, but I can't put my finger on it.  And it echoes throughout the blackness, as if we are inside of a giant metal box.

Right nefore I think everything is going to engulfed by the sun, the brightness gets darker.  I don't realize it at first but my head is buried in my shoulder.  I loosen my white-knuckle grip on the ladder and climb to the top.  I am standing on top of this strange floating machine, and the sun is going away!  It is flying away towards the other side of this giant room.  The machine's thrusters shut off and With a large metallic CLOMP, it hits the floor. I almost lose my balance but drop to my knees.  When I look up again, the sun has lit up what seems like the other side of the world, but is really just the other end of this giant box that we are inside.  There is another machine at the other end of the room, similar to this one.  Its thrusters kick in and hurtle it toward the oncoming sun.  Just as I think it's about to be destroyed, it collides with the sun and I hear that strange yet familiar sound again.  Then I realize where I heard it before.

About a year ago, the professor kept talking about his "little game".  He would always dismiss it as something trivial, something that "people like me" would eat up like candy.  He called it "Table Tennis for Two".  But one night, I snuck down the stairs when he was visiting with his daughter.  I couldn't believe it - I never saw him laugh until that night.  By the green glow of a little monitor, sitting across from each other, they were playing with the prototype.  There were wires everywhere, and the screen was fuzzy, but they were playing what seemed to be a competition - two lines moving back and forth, and a little dot - bouncing - between them.  And when the dot hit the line - the "tennis racket" - it made a PING sound.  And when it made the noise, his daughter would giggle.  That sound - that's the sound I just heard, only way lower and louder - as if glass was being shattered a million times over, and echoed in a giant metal canyon.

Before I can think any more on this, I realized that the sun was coming BACK toward the machine I was standing on top of.  Something tells me that it won't be pretty if I'm not protected by this giant metal hulk. I can climb back down the ladder and make a run for it... but wait!  A whirring noise off to my left - a vent with a giant fan, spinning lazily, blowing air upwards.  If I can jump down the opening, I can get inside.  But I might not be fast enough.  I take my mop and jam it in the opening, just as the thrusters kick in and I almost slide off.  The fan gets stuck and I climb down into the dark opening.

I'm in a narrow ventilation shaft, and the light from above gets brighter and brighter until there is a loud PING and the entire machine shakes and rumbles.  I can barely make out another spinning fan at one end, and a drop down at the other.  I decide to take my chances with the drop down, I don't want to know who or what is making this thing tick, not yet.  I need to hide and gather my thoughts.  I wrestle my mop free and unfortunately, the fan seems to have shorted out.  I crawl on my hands and knees in the dark until I can no longer feel the bottom of the ventilation shaft. I'm not sure how far it goes, so I dip the mop down - unfortunately, I am only using one hand, and suddenly there is another PING and rumble.  The mop drops from my hand and clatters downward.

Voices! I hear voices!  They are more high pitched than I'm used to.  I can't tell if they are coming from below or behind me at the other end of the shaft.  I decide to abandon my mop and scramble back the way I came.. to the other air vent.  The problem is, the fan is spinning and I have nothing to stop it with.  If I can just make the jump at the right time, I can get through the vent.  The problem is, I don't know what's waiting for me on the other side.  I decide to risk it.

Oh no! I wish I had my mop... I try to time it perfectly but slam head first into a whirring metal fan blade.  Luckily it wasn't moving fast enough to cut me but I feel a ringing in my ears that won't go away as I come crashing through metal and mesh onto a hard grated floor.  I look up and pass out just in time to see a strange spaceman looking down on me.

I wake up to a bad odor as I see three very short, squatty creatures in front of me, waving what looks like a beaker from the Doctor's laboratory. The strange thing is, the bubbles coming out of it are, well, instead of round, they are more of a square shape.  In fact, everything in the room has a kind of square look to it, including their strange little space helmets.  They are all a very specific shade of green with a black visor in front, so I can't see their faces.  I can tell they are happy that I woke up, though, from the squeals of joy that they let out, and the clapping of hands.

Then, one of them walks up, and slaps me square in the face.  I raise my fists to defend myself.. or at least I try to, but realize they are tied to a chair, along with my chest and legs. "HEY!" I shout, the ringing in my head is coming back.  "Just who do you think you are?  Let me out of this!"  They seem to shrink back for a moment, so I try to reason with them.  "Look, I'm sorry I messed up your space ship... I'm lost.. if you can just let me know how to get back to Brookhaven, I'll be on my way.  I just happen to know some people who can.. they can pay you back for the damages!"

Suddenly, they start to chatter among themselves, then the one who slapped me jumps back in my face and starts yelling.  It sounds like gibberish to me.  Then, another one comes around the side and puts a strange device on my head, it looks like earmuffs my mom used to make me wear when it was real snowy outside.  The yelling GEts a little rough, as if he was speaking through a tin can. Then a voice comes into focus. "... one of them! I know you are!  They have disguised you as a strange alien creature, but we KNOW WHAT YOU ARE!"

Just then, red lights come on in the room, and everyone begins scrambling around, grabbing controls, inspecting meters, etc.  One of them grabs a large stick with a red ball on one end and shouts "LATERAL VAULT ON THE WAY!" Everyone sits down on a nearby seat and straps themselves in.  Suddenly, there is a loud BOOM and my stomach leaps into my throat, then a feeling of being pushed sideways really fast.  There is a PING sound, and the red lights go out and everyone resumes their normal position of shouting angrily at me.

I am confused and scared.  What, who is it they think I am?? What are they?  They are yelling in my face and even though I can understand the words they are saying, it is still not making sense.  In fact, they are getting so upset, it reminds me of the time I said my first cuss word to my Mom... she was sooo mad, she washed my mouth out with soap.  But first, she started ranting and raving and her face turned beet red.  And I don't know if it was nerves, but I started... laughing... and boy she didn't like that.  Then I realize that I am laughing right now, not only because I was thinking about my Mom, but because these small creatures running around, jumping up and down, and shouting, were just ... well.. funny!

That certainly made things worse.  The main yeller, who does NOT seem like the one in charge, gets closer to my face and shouts louder.  Then, one of the other creatures who was standing in the back, steps forward and pushes the other one aside. He seems to be the one in charge, and seems interested in talking to me. "How many do they have?  How much fuel do they have left?  What's their plan? If you can answer this, maybe we can stop this war once and for all."  "War?" I say.  "Why are you at war?" "WE... " he says, with an authoratative voice, "are at war, well.. you know why." I was almost at the end of my rope.  "No.. I don't!"

Just then, there was another loud "BOOM", only it didn't shake the machine like I expected it to. Somehow, that was worse.  They all look at each other. Although I can't see their faces behind their strange masks, I can see them visibly shaking.  Then they start wailing. "What?" I shout... "what's going on?" I realize the entire room is shaking. The smallest creature speaks up this time.  "We.. we weren't paying attention... congratulations... you won..." I hear a horrible sliding and scraping noise.. everything in the room except for me begins to rise up and float around, as if gravity was turned off like in that science fiction movie I saw on the picture tube last week. I start to feel sorry for the poor creatures, but I don't know what to do.  I'm strapped safely to my chair, while everyone else is banging around the room.

I decide to stay put. Suddenly with a large WHOOSH, one of the wall panels behind my head rips out. I start to turn my head, and the suction of the outside air turns it all the way around.  I realize the machine is spinning in a vortex towards a large hole that seems to have been created by the large ball that passed through it.  THAT's why they were trying to hit it, to avoid this situation.  One of the creatures almost gets sucked out through the hole but grabs on to the edges for dear life.  "HELP!" he shouts.  It's the one that was yelling in my face.

I felt bad for doing nothing up until now ; I shake loose of the shoddy ties that held me to the chair and grab his hand.  Unfortunately, I can't hold on for long and his glove slips off.  He disappears into the black. I start to feel a pull and look around for something to grab. Unfortunately, I grab a light socket and it breaks off in my hand. I am pulled through the hole and I black out! Maybe a better word for it is "green out" since my vision fades to a green storm.


Chapter 2 - PuckMan

I wake up on the ground to see a blurry white shape in front of me moving around.  It seems to be making strange low pitched noises. My ears are ringing as if I've hit my head pretty bad.  Out of instinct, I reach for my mop and suddenly remember what happened.. the Doc, the strange machine, the giant ball, the poor creature being sucked out into nothingness and then... "Am I dead?" I realize I'm saying this out loud.  Then I think to myself, who am I talking to? My eyes focus, and I see looking down on me two tiny eyes and a huge human mouth, but that is the only thing that resembles a human.  The rest of it is a large white cylinder, almost like a giant moon pie, with arms and legs. I scramble backwards in fear and grip the only thing I have – the light fixture from the strange metal machine.

I swing at it and it backs away, startled.  I can see from its eyes that it is more scared than I am.  It backs away with a sad, almost hurt, look on its face and disappears around a corner. I look around to get my bearings, gripping my head in pain. Everything is very dark, except for dim blue lights on the ground lighting a pathway.  I stand up and walk towards the blue light line and realize painfully that they mark the corner between the floor and the wall (as I bump my head).  I look up to see a large tower rising up in the distance, made up of several of these blue lines.  They almost seem to be pulsing.

Just then there is a white FLASH! around the corner that the strange creature disappeared around.  The creature comes back and is glowing white, except for its eyes, which are now glowing blue. "BANZAI!!!" it yells, its voice changing to a much higher pitch than before,  as it turns towards me with an angry look. Its mouth seems to take up its entire round body as it opens up to eat me. If I only had my mop I could jam it in its mouth, but I don't, so I turn to run. Unfortunately for me, the ground is a lot slicker than I thought, and I immediately slip and fall.

Then I see something completely unexpected... it looks like a Halloween ghost, like a boy wearing a sheet, except.. I can see through it!  It is coming towards me and just as it's about to touch me, I hear a loud CHOMP! and the large creature sails over me and eats the ghost!  Before I have time to be grateful, it turns around to face me with a menacing look on its face and a bit of drool hanging out of its huge smiling mouth.  The strange thing was, it didn't just turn around.  It spun - that's when I noticed that on its feet it was wearing ice skates!

There's nowhere to run, and something tells me the tiny "weapon" I am holding won't do anything.  So, I raise up my arms and hope for a quick, painless death.  Something tells me it won't end up that way.  Then, nothing happens.  I lower my hands and standing in front of me is the creature, but it looks sad.. and it is no longer glowing.  It raises its hands and says "Gomen'nasai".  Where have I heard that before?  I remember now, I was taking a course in Japanese at the college.  I heard that the Doctor's daughter learned it from her mother, and I thought it would be something we could have in common.  I didn't get very far before having to take on a second job.  But I learned enough to get around to know that he just said "I'm sorry".  I realize that although the creature was chasing me, I attacked first... and I think it saved my life.  "Arigatō" I replied.  The creature smiled and ran towards me and picked me up off of the ground.

I stumble and almost fall on the slippery ground. That's when I realize just how cold it is in here - the ground is made of black ice! That's when I realize, I am shivering because it's so cold in this place. The creature holds me up with one hand and opens his mouth.  I flinch until I realize he's not going to eat me - instead, he reaches inside his huge open jaw with his other hand, fumbles around and pulls out.. a pair of ice skates!

"Īe" I say the Japanese word for no... "Īe, kekkōdesu" Although I appreciate the gesture. He looks a little sad, but brightens up quickly.  His large smile would be frightening if I didn't feel sorry for him.  He bows to me and introduces himself : "PuckMan" he says.

Suddenly, there is a large bell that tolls twelve times.  The creature looks up and around, as if something might fly down on him from above.  He grabs me - his grip is strong - and pulls me as he skates off down the hallway.  He comes to a T junction and taps his fingers on an invisible keypad in the wall and a door opens.  On the other side of the door is what I can only describe as a swirling black cloud, I saw a poster of it in the Doc's office, he called it a "Black Hole".

I couldn't imagine going in one of those things.  I bolt and run! Unfortunately, I slip on the ice and slide into a wall.  Just then a ghost comes around the corner and PASSES THROUGH ME.  It is one of the strangest sensations I have ever felt, sort of like a combination of static electricity and ice water.  Suddenly my vision fades to black and I wake up in a jail cel!  It is small, and there are ghosts floating around me.  I run to the corner to avoid being touched again.  Just when I think they are about to surround me, that strange bell tolls again, and they all float through the jail cel bars and out into the hallway.

Of course, I try the same thing, but all I do is rattle the bars. On hearing this, a ghost appears outside the cell and begins pacing back and forth.  He's probably keeping watch on me. What can I do? How do I get out? All I have is this light fixture.  But then I think about it - light! Ghosts don't like light, do they?  I fiddle with the fixture and notice it actually has a switch on the back, and it works!  I shine the light, and the ghost screams and fades away.

I'm not sure how long this will last, so I look around for a door or opening.  Just then, my strange friend skates around the corner - his smile is huge when he sees me.  He looks around nervously, then hits a few buttons on the outside wall, and the bars slide open.  I run out and he motions for me to follow. We begin navigating around the maze, only I notice that this part looks a little different.  There are fruits and vegetables growing out of the ice and he is picking them up and throwing them in his mouth as he skates along.  At one point, he starts to go left but makes a sharp 180 degree turn and grabs me along with him.  I'm actually relieved when he pulls me along, it's a lot easier than trying to run.  Maybe those skates would have been a good idea.

Now I realize why he turned around, there is a ghost coming after us.  We get to a T intersection, to the left is one of those strange black holes, and to the right is a large glowing orb.  He shyly looks to me for direction.  He seems a lot more frightened of the orb than the hole.  I don't think he realizes just how strange this all is to me, I have no idea what is going on.  Still, I definitely don't want to feel that ghost touch me again, so I go with the flow and push him towards the black hole. He seems relieved and skates off, dragging me in tow.

It's a terrifying sensation.  It feels similar to riding in a car really fast while sticking my head out of the window, except that there's no car and I feel like I'm hurtling towards a brick wall! I raise my hands up in fear and cover my eyes.  The strange thing is, at first, I felt a strange PULL, as if I was being sucked in, and then a PUSH, as if popped out again. When I open my eyes again, the strange PuckMan is leaning over me with a concerned look on his face.  Apparently he does this all the time and I'm the crazy one for being scared.  He pulls me up to my feet.  At first I am confused, it looks like we didn't go anywhere.  Then I look up and see that the large tower that was off in the distance is now BEHIND me.  It's almost as if we teleported to the opposite side of the maze! He grins and takes my arm as he skates off.

He seems real intent on picking up every last fruit off of the ground and putting it in his mouth.  I can't imagine anyone this hungry, until I realize he's STORING them, like a chipmunk. Strange.  We round the corner and he stops and shivers.  He points down the hall and I hear a WHOOSHING noise.  It must be more ghosts but they haven't found us yet.  He snaps his fingers and a huge smile breaks across his giant face.  He opens his jaw like a hinge and reaches in and pulls out a ladder.  It seems to keep coming and coming until it's twice as tall as either of us.  It has a hook at the top.  He proudly plops it down against the maze wall and it hooks the top.  He motions for me to climb it. I start to climb and then the WHOOSHING gets louder.  One of the ghosts turns around the corner and opens its mouth to scream. I could throw myself at it and hope that PuckMan rescues me again, but what would that do?  I could hop over the fence but then I'm abandoning my only friend.  I can climb back down and stand and fight, but that's never been my way.

I take the path of least resistance and jump over the wall.  Just as I am about to cringe in shame as my poor new friend gets captured... or WORSE... I see one of those strange glowing orbs. Maybe he was scared of it because it's a weapon of some sort! A bomb?  I run over to it and brace myself to lift it up, but it's light as air.  I then shout "Incoming!" and hurl it over the wall in the direction of the ghost. I hear a scream, but no explosion.  Then, a loud BOOM! as PuckMan smashes through the wall.  He looks different... he's glowing again.  And he is heading towards me with that scary, menacing look.  "I'm.. I'm sorry I left you behind!  Gomen'nasai!"  He doesn't seem to hear me or is too crazed to listen.

As a long shot, I throw my lamp at him and run.  He gobbles it up instantly, never taking his eyes off me.  He skates toward me, he's too fast.  I slip and slam into the wall.  I should have taken those ice skates!  He comes up to me and opens his mouth wide.  The lamp is still inside of him and its light is somehow amplified inside his mouth, almost having an eerie lighthouse effect.

He's about to eat me... I am scared but angry too... why is this happening to me?  I stand up and say "If you're going to eat me too, go ahead! I am either losing my mind or someone is playing a cruel joke on me, and I'm tired of it!"  Just then an amazing thing happens.  He begins to shimmer, and his extra glow fades out.  His menacing look is replaced with one of kindness.  He looks genuinely sorry. He reaches out for me and I flinch.  He backs away and pulls a small booklet from his mouth.  He places it on the ground gingerly and pushes it towards me on the ice.  I pick it up and it read "PUCKMAN INSTRUCTION MANUAL" I look at him, confused... vacuum cleaners come with instruction manuals, not people.  

"INSERT COIN
SELECT 1 OR 2 PLAYERS
PUCKMAN AVOIDS GHOSTS
FRUITS SCORE POINTS
ENERGIZERS SCORE MEGA POINTS
AFTER ENERGIZING, PUCKMAN CAN ATTACK GHOSTS!
BEWARE! WHILE PUCKMAN IS ENERGIZED, HE WILL EAT ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING IN HIS PATH!"

Then I realize why he was showing it to me... the picture next to the "ENERGIZER" looks just like that bomb I threw over the wall... only it wasn't a bomb.  He ate it so he could protect me from the ghost, and he had no control over himself after that.  I stumble over to him and take his hand and smile.  He opens his mouth and tries to pull out my lamp, but it has been shattered in his mouth.

Just then, we hear a strange static noise, and another ghost turns the corner.  Only this time, it's green instead of the normal white.  It gets closer and closer to us as we back up against the wall.  PuckMan looks left and right but there's nowhere to run.  Just as it's about to capture us, it stops.  I hear a strange noise mixed in with the static... it's a voice. "Doc!  Doc, is that you?  What's happening?  Get me out of here!"

"Soon enough, my boy!"  The green ghost is spinning around out of control, it doesn't seem to realize that it's being used as a microphone. "I just.... I just need your help!"  

"Doc, where am I? What's going on?"

"Have you seen her yet?" Then I remember why I'm here... he wants me to find his daughter.. but where is HERE exactly?  And how do I get back? 

"Doc, I haven't seen anyone, except ghosts..." I don't mention my new friend just yet. "Where am I?"

"I don't know exactly.. the question is WHEN are you.. it looks like according to my calculations, you have gone roughly 40 years into the future.  That's where I was last able to pick up her signal"

Some future, I think... filled with ghosts and a strange bigmouth that eats everything. I decide whether to mention the instruction manual.  "The future?  Well, I found something here that doesn't make a whole lot of sense... maybe you can explain it..." I read off the manual to him while I motion my friend to sneak away. I don't trust the good doctor anymore, and I want to keep him distracted.

"Hmm.. he says.. does it say anything on the back?"  I turn it over and read "GameCo copyright 1982".  Wow, I really AM 40 years in the future! But where have all the people gone? Maybe someone can help me get back, since the Doctor has lost his mind.. but what if his daughter really IS here, and she's lost too. What if she needs my help? I can't just abandon her because of his mistake.

"WHAT WAS THAT?" the Doc shouts.  I was distracted and realize that PuckMan snuck off, and somehow the Doctor noticed.  I didn't think the Doc could see anything, not through that green ghost spinning around with no eyes.  That's when I see it, although I hardly believe it.  I hear a loud THUMP and look up far off into the black sky.  Through a faint green glow, I can see a giant eye... it reminds me of when I read those fantasy books as a child - the All Seeing Eye in the Tower.  Instead of coming from the blue pusling tower, it is coming from far off in the sky, and suddenly it hits me:

"Doc, am I still in the lab?"

"Nonsense, what are you talking about?  You are in a far away time and place, and the only way you can come back is through MY COMMAND!"  He starts to babble on about transistors and neurons, but somehow I understand what's going on. The PING sound from before, it all makes sense.  I remember something about his experiments - he was fascinated with electronics - and specifically CONVERTING LIVING MATTER INTO ELECTRIC SIGNALS.  Somehow, I have been converted into one of these electric signals and am inside of his Table Tennis machine - at least it WAS a Table Tennis machine at first.  Somehow it has.. CHANGED into something else, and somehow it's connected to his time machine.  I think things haven't worked out as he expected, and he's trying to cover it up.

"Now what was THAT THING that is with you, and what has it done with MY DAUGHTER???" He is obsessed with PuckMan and his voice takes on a strange, dark tone.  The green ghost seems to glow and shimmer, and suddenly rings like a loud bell toll.  I realize that it is somehow calling more ghosts to us, and am not about to stick around and find out what happens.  I run off to find PuckMan and get out of here.  He is hiding around the corner with a pair of skates in his hand.  This time I don't think twice, I take them and put them on my feet as I hear whooshing all around us.  He motions for me to follow and skates off.  Just when I think we are going to make a right, he turns left instead to pick up more fruit.  "Why can't you stop eating!" I shout.

I see a green glow coming around the corner - it must be Doc leading the ghosts after us.  We increase our speed a little bit and that's when I realize where we are heading - towards the tower with the blue pulsing lights. We are almost there when PuckMan stops and hides behind a wall, motioning for me to do the same.  There is a ghost patrolling the perimiter of the tower and I don't have my lamp anymore. We decide to split up - he goes left and I go right.  The ghost can't figure out which one of us to chase and just travels back and forth between the two of us.  Brilliant! What next?

PuckMan waits for the ghost to come toward him and fakes left, then goes right off a side hallway.  I lose sight of him.  What do I do? The ghost is starting to turn around.  I can see the tower off to my right but there is a strange glowing light down the hallway to my left. I decide to go for the tower and skate off, the ghost sees me and shrieks after me in hot pursuit.  What will I do when I get to the tower? Without PuckMan, I have no idea if I can even get in.  And if I lock the door behind me... well I can't imagine what would happen if I leave my new friend out there.

Looks like I might not have to worry about that.  The green ghost being 'posessed' by the Doctor whips around the corner directly between me and the tower.  He will have his army arriving shortly, I don't have much time, unless I can stop him from sounding his alarm.  Then, I get an idea : if the ghosts are truly made of sheets, maybe they can get tangled up together like a pair of bedsheets.  I can see the green ghost take a deep breath as the other one comes straight for me.  I just need to find one of those secret access panels in the wall... and poof! I disappear, even if it's only for a second or two so tha ghosts can run smack dab into eachother. I start fumbling around.

Then PuckMan comes around the corner, grinning as usual.  "No! Look Out!" I shout.  It's too late - the green ghost turns toward him.  Instead of an alarm, it's Doc's voice I hear again.  "CREATURE, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER?" he shouts, and the green ghost begins spitting out green fiery balls at PuckMan.  I abandon my search for an access panel and skate towards PuckMan just as he is about to be hit. I push him flat on the ground and the balls whoosh over us.

"Stay down!" I shout... "Daun!" He nods in agreement.  The green fire is whooshing over our heads, it seems that the ghosts can't aim up or down.  "Where is the panel?" the closest thing I can ask is "Deguchi?" for Exit.  I pretend to be hitting secret buttons and he understands. He points to a corner wall near the original ghost that was chasing after me before Doc showed up.  As soon as there is a break in the green fire, I jump up and sprint for the wall.  I start fumbling around until I feel a recess and begin pushing buttons madly, not sure what I'm doing.  Somehow it works and the panel slides open.  I jump in and motion for PuckMan to follow.

The green ghost begins spitting out his ammunition again. As long as PuckMan stays down they won't hit him, but the panel seems to have a timer and begins closing. I can try to reason with Doc and explain, or I can make my escape through this black hole behind me. I try to hold the panel open as long as possible, but he is crawling too slow! The other ghost has turned around and is about to enter my hiding spot. I feel like there's nothing I can do, so I let go of the closing door and back into the ecape hole. "Gomen'nasai" I shout, ashamed and scared.

I feel that strange push/pull sensation and pop out on the other side of the tower just long enough to see the ghost turn on PuckMan and drag him away.  Luckily, the green ghost that Doc was controlling lost interest and wandered off. I sneak around the back of the tower to the front door. Hmm, what next?  There's no handle.  Just an archway made of pulsing lights that seem to dim when I put my hand on them.I think about knocking, but don't want to draw attention to myself.

Maybe I can run my hands along the lights in a certain pattern.  I notice that if I move up, then down, the lights seem to follow my hands.  It could be sort of a combination lock.. So I try up, then down, then up again. What am I thinking, I have no idea what this is doing if anything. The really strange thing is that if I move my hands off of the light.. it seems to follow my hands, like as if it is sticking to them. I think back to my friend, who is a giant circular shape, with a big mouth in the middle.

Suddenly I hear noise in the distance.  The ghosts are coming and I have to think fast.  I make a huge circle, and then a sort of arc to represent his mouth.  Bingo!  There is a strange "CLUNK" noise as the lights completely shut off for a minute.  Then a door slides in and down, opening up a passageway.  I run inside and the door closes behind me!

I'm in a dark tunnel.. at first.  Then there is a large pulsing sound and a hallway lights up before me.  The lights are moving down the hallway, almost asking me to follow.  I see it curve to the right.  There is a faint sound in the distance, further down the tunnel.  I follow it, gripping for anything I can find to protect myself. Whatever the sound was, it stops.  I make my way further down, but I didn't notice the side passage to my left until it's too late.  An arm wraps around my neck and another one on the back of my head. "Don't move a muscle." a soft voice says. "What's your purpose here, stranger?"

I don't know who or what is holding me, or who's side they are on, if they even have a side.  But since I was able to get in using PuckMan's "code", I decide to mention him.  "I need help.. my friend PuckMan is still out there."

The grip loosens, and I turn around and put my hands up in defense.  Standing in front of me is a strange sight. It looks a lot like PuckMan except with a pink bow and whiskers, almost like a huge round cat face.  She... it... has tears streaming down her cheeks "PuckMan's still alive?" she seems cautious, defensive, yet hopeful.

"Yes.. I mean.. I hope so.." I put my hands down.  "I think so. He helped me out there... and I want to bring him back here."  I have a feeling I can trust her.  "Will you help me?"

"Yes.." she says.. "But how do I know you are truly.. how do I know you're not.. ONE OF THEM.. in disguise"... I thought more about this.  I could lie and say he gave me the code, but she seems pretty sharp.  I think of the word for friend in Japanese.  "He's my Yujin." and with confidence, "If you're not going to help me, I'll bring him back myself."  She seems surprised by this. "No, sugar." I'm surprised to hear she has sort of a southern accent. "He's my.. we're.. My name is Ms. Puckman, but you can call me Sally..." She looks around.  "Follow me."

She takes me down the side passage and around a few more turns until we come to what looks like a dead end.  She moves her large hands along the pulsing lights in a pattern that I can't make out, let alone remember for the future. The wall slides down into the floor and one of those strange portals is behind it.  "This will take us to another part of the Maze.  It's a high point and we can look down and see where he's at.  We might have to distract the ghosts to give him enough time to make it to the next level. If.. if he's still OK."

It seems crazy, but I feel responsible for him going missing.  "Let's do it." she takes my hand and we jump through.  The strange push-pull, and then we are both standing on a platform.  The edges are lit up with a pulsing blue light.  Looking down I can see a complicated maze.  The tower is off to my right.  Eerie white lights are moving silently around, that must be the ghosts.  We are not high enough to be able to see them, just their glow as they move.

I hear a noise and realize that Sally is crying. "I can't see him.. what if he's gone? We had a terrible fight... I told him I didn't want to BE MS. PuckMan anymore... I wanted to be more.. his Tsuma... and he just looked at me with that dumb grin.. pretending not to understand.. so I kicked him out." I put my arm around what appears to be her shoulder. Then I notice : All the ghost-lights seem to be heading towards the same spot, to the left and about 100 yards ahead. I look over to the spot they are heading towards and I see him!  Or at least, the top of his head and eyes. He's scared, I can tell. It looks like a dead end that he's stuck in. I can jump down and make a run straight for him. Should I run in and save him?

Wait!  I see another way.  There is a passage off to his left that has no ghost-lights coming towards him.  He just needs to go forward a few feet and then make a left.  "Sally... he's over there! Look, you distract the ghosts and I'll lead him away.  Meet us back at the tower." My mom always said I have a photographic memory, so I take a mental snapshot and we both jump down and go our separate ways.  I skate top speed down the passage, just beating one of the ghosts by a few feet.  I make it to my friend just in time.  "Follow me!" I say as I extend my hand.  This time, it's my turn to be the leader.  He smiles ear to ear, if he had any, and wraps his large meat cleaver of a hand around mine.  His grip is strong as I head back the way I came.  I see the ghost coming towards us.  I make the sharp left down the abandoned hallway.

The ghosts are about to follow and I hear echoing through the maze, "Hey you sacks of peeled potaters!  Come and get some!"  The ghost was about to turn the corner and follow us, but stops almost as if hypnotized, and turns toward the noise.  PuckMan turns around with a growl and tries to follow, but I wrap my other hand around his.  "NO! Stick to the plan" The ice makes it easier to drag him with me.

We make it to the tower, only this door is different.  The pulsing lights are red instead of blue.  I have a feeling that getting in isn't going to be as easy as the last door. I can try and figure it out myself, or convince PuckMan to help me. The ghosts are closing in on us.  I am not sure what to do, but I notice a nearby wall sticking out of the tower - perfect hiding spot!  I grab PuckMan and throw him behind the wall and follow.  "Shh!"  I can't put my hand over his enormous mouth, so I can only hope he listens. "She will be OK - just staqy quiet!"

Suddenly a ghost comes from down the hall -  I can't see him except for the eerie white light getting brighter.  Then it stops moving - I am guessing it is at the red door. I quietly peek my head around the corner and watch as he inputs an intricate code in the lights.  I memorize it and wait for him to open the door and go inside.  After a few minutes, I grab PuckMan and move to the door and input the same pattern.

Yes! The door pushes into the wall and slides down into the floor with a WHOOSH.  I motion to PuckMan "Shh!" to follow.  He nervously looks behind him and follows me in.  Just as we are inside the door, we hear a shout "Hey! Get yer grimy green tentacles off of me!" PuckMan turns back around and shouts "Noooooo" as the door closes behind him.  He pounds on it but it's too late.  The strange pulsing lights starts to move down the corridor, faster and faster, as he continues to pound on the door, but it doesn't open.  The lights are almost hypnotic, and suddenly there is a low humming vibration and then it stops. There is a screen above our heads that blinks to life. "SHIN 1" the words scroll above our heads.

The ceiling-screen shows a blocky version of what looks like PuckMan walking with his head down.  I look over and the real PuckMan looks scared and confused.  He looks back up at the screen.  Blocky PuckMan is walking through a blocky park, with blocky trees and blocky birds.  He stops and sits down on a blocky bench as blocky tears start to fall from his cheeks. Then, a blocky version of Ms. PuckMan skates past him and he looks up and smiles. I look over and the real PuckMan is grinning ear to ear again.

She skates back and forth and back and forth, and finally she stops in front of him.  She hands him a pair of skates and he puts them on, and they skate off with blocky hearts floating above their heads. At first I think the real PuckMan is laughing, but when I look closely, he is crying.

"Is.. that.. is that how you met?"  He responds by wailing louder.  "No, it's OK friend, she just.. she just wanted to make sure you were safe.  We'll find her.  I promise".  I have no idea how, but I really meant what I said. Then the screen blanks out and the vibration stops.  I feel like we are on an elevator.  Instead of the doors opening, there is another flash of light and the pulsing red lights now switch to green and there is static coming from some unknown speakers.

"... Hello!  Come in!  If you can hear this, know that she is safe... for NOW.  My ghosts have taken her as sort of an.. insurance policy."  I realize immediately it's the Professor and begin banging on the wall.  "NO!  YOU LEAVE THEM OUT OF THIS!"  But it's a one way speech, he can't hear me. He continues "As soon as he shows you where she.. my precious.. my daughter... is being held PRISONER, I'll reunite him with his sweetheart again.  Know this : I CAN SEE EVERYTHING.. or .. almost everything... so I know my daughter's not in the Maze. They must have her in a special area outside of the game."  "THIS ISN"T A GAME ANYMORE!" I shout back, but it's of no use. "End of transmission." he says, and just like that, the lights switch back to red and the door opens with a puff of smoke, back in the direction we came from.

PuckMan looks confused and scared again, but at least the tears have dried.  Luckily, I don't think he understood the Professor's rant.  I take him by the hand and he stands up and we slowly skate out the door.  The sign above our heads reads "LEVEL 2". As we look out into the Maze, it looks completely different.  I can't tell whether we went up or down, but the Maze now reminds me of old pictures I saw from a book called "Dante's Inferno".. it's still a Maze, but the blue lights have been replaced with red, and there is smoke billowing from various walls that seem to have fallen over.  That did not frighten me as much as the look on PuckMan's face : I can tell he'd never been here before, and he was scared.

"Let's just find our way back and look for Sally.. er.. Ms. PuckMan" I say. He nods in agreement. We can't go back the way we came, so we took a set of steps leading down into the Maze.  I try to remember as much as possible, so when we are down in it, I know where to go.  The tower I just came out of is made of pulsing red lights, but they seem to fade to blue as they get higher up. That tells me came from up there and we need to go back up ; something tells me that the elevator only goes one way - DOWN.

Then it hits me as we start navigating the smoky red passageways and avoiding falling walls and holes in the floor.  "PuckMan!  We don't need to get back to HER, we need to get HIM to bring her to us!"  I am referring to the Doc of course, who I am convinced has lost his mind.  I am starting to wonder if it's me who's lost my mind, trying to save my imaginary friends in some insane game of cat and mouse. No time to figure that out though - I look for the highest point I can find.

"DOC!" I shout as I climb back up the stairs and look out on the hellish landscape.  Several of the white lights roaming around the Maze stop when my shout echoes out down into the valley. "DOC!  I KNOW WHERE SHE IS - YOUR DAUGHTER.  BUT YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO DELIVER THE FEMALE IN RETURN."  Hopefully he hasn't hurt Sally yet. Hopefully he can hear me.  I notice the white lights all change direction and start closing in on our position. "PuckMan, get up here with me!"  The door leading out of the tower has closed behind us of course.  Our backs are literally against the wall.  The white lights are converging on us and soon ghosts begin to creep around the corner. It's too late to make a run for it.

Just as the ghosts are about to climb the stairs, I hear a loud bell toll, playing a strange electronic melody. The ghosts are starting to appear around corners now, their eyes gaping black holes.  More and more of them are coming closer to us, and one reaches the foot of the stairs and starts floating slowly up. PuckMan gets into a defensive stance, ready for a fight. We are backing up the stairs, soon the tower will be at our backs.  The ghosts are coming from all directions, surrounding us.

Then, from the distance, an eerie green light grows and the green ghost grows larger and larger until he towers over the Maze.  There is something in his hand. PuckMan sees it before me and shouts "Saiai!"  he is pointing to a white shape in the green ghost's grasp.  "Sally!" I shout. The green ghost floats over the maze and looks down.  His eerie zig-zag mouth curls into a smile. "I thought you'd come to your senses" he says in the crackly electronic voice of Doc speaking over the microphone.

"Get off me, ya giant handkerchief!" shouts Sally, trying to wiggle free. "OK Doc, just, tell the other ghosts to back away".  They are almost at the top of the stairs.  "Sorry," he says, "... they don't listen to me."  I'm not sure if he's lying, or trying to pressure us.  Our backs are almost against the tower.  I look to my left and there is a side path that curves behind us out of view. To my right is a cliff ; below is a hallway that used to be a dead end, but the wall has collapsed and generated a smoky, dusty area.

"WHERE IS SHE?" he shouts, almost growling as the giant green ghost bends over and looks down at us. "Now take it easy Doc, just.. just put Sally down.  She has nothing to do with this."  My mind is racing. "It was all... him!" I point to PuckMan, who gives me a blank look back.  If he could understand me, he might think I just betrayed him.  Sally heard me loud and clear. "You skinny little liar!" she spat at me.  "You know damn well he had nothing to do with this... "  I just continue on. "He.. he saw her and thought she was so beautiful, so he locked her away."

"LOCKED EH? HE PUT HER IN ONE OF THOSE JAIL CELS DIDN'T HE? I CAN EASILY SEARCH THROUGH THEM, LOOKS LIKE I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP AFTER ALL." The large green ghost slowly starts to turn back around as the small white ghosts close in for a final attack. I'm about to miss my window of opportunity. Not today! I grab PuckMan's mouth (much to his surprise) and wrench it open like a hinge, the lamp that he gobbled up earlier still casting light.  It shines upward into the sky, causing the giant green ghost to turn back around in horror.

It starts to writhe and break apart, and is about to drop Sally.  The green ghost loosens his grasp and she wrenches free and starts falling.  I have to manuever PuckMan around like a trampoline at the foot of a burning building. Meanwhile, Doc is frantically chattering, his voice crackling into static as the green ghost pieces float away above us. Sally lands in PuckMan's open mouth, luckily too big to fall in, her legs flailing. The light is blocked, and the white ghosts are upon us.  Maybe the Doc was right, he has no control over them.  Our backs are against the wall and we are unstable at the top of the stairs. The leftmost path is now blocked by the ghosts, my only option is to try and get back in the tower.

But wait! I look down and notice that the dead end hallway smoke has cleared.  It looks like where the wall collapsed, it left a hole in the floor... a black hole.  This one looks bigger than all the others, something tells me it's not part of the Maze. Anything beats getting captured by these ghosts, who knows when Doc will be back. Speaking of ghosts, one of them lunges at PuckMan, still wobbling around with his beloved in his mouth. Without another thought, I push him off the cliff towards the hole.  I jump after him, grabbing his hand as Sally pops out of his mouth and grabs his other one.

We are falling and pass through the hole without resistance.  We keep falling and falling, and again I feel the push-pull sensation from before, but much stronger. The blackness suddenly has a thin blue line that forms a horizon, and it starts spinning. The spinning slows and the floating becomes a falling sensation.  The best way I can describe what I see next is - a sunrise.

The blue light pours over the horizon to reveal a barren, cracked, dusty landscape under a bright blue cloudless sky. All I see is brown and blue for miles ; maybe something small and red way in the distance.  Unfortunately, we're falling fast, so there is a lot more brown than blue.  As we near the cracked, dusty ground, I am scared.  What have I done?  Not only have I killed myself, but taken these poor creatures with me.  That's when I realize they are screaming and holding each other.









