I'm looking at myself in the mirror and thinking, what am I going to be when I grow up? Doc has something cooking for this year's expo, and I don't even have the brains to pick up his papers.  I guess I should just be happy to have a job right now.  After the war, the pencil pushers are all over the place.  Let's get to mopping.

I open the dingy closet door and back into the hallway.  The lights are flickering. I swear I fixed that bulb last week. Anyway, I push the bucket, squish the mop, mop the floor. Rinse, repeat.

Funny - that door was closed last time I was in the hall. Doc must be working late, he does that a lot.  I'll just give it a knock. "Doc?"  Oh well... I probably shouldn't bother him, he keeps secrets for good reason.  If we knew everything he did, well, we wouldn't understand, that's for sure.  He hasn't been the same ever since the war.  I just wish.. I could understand even a small piece of what he does every day. Oh well. Push, squish, mop, rinse, repeat.

Dinner break.  Hmm... peanut butter and jelly sandwich or... something from one of those vending machines?  I have a few quarters in my pocket... Doc pays me well, that's for sure.  It's strange that he gave me a raise after I saw that machine of his...

As I munch on my Honey-Dew-Bar, I hear a noise in the lobby.  No one should be here this late except for Doc. I take my mop and hold it forward like one of them oriental swords that Doc had a picture of in his desk.  It fell out when I was cleaning up and he seemed pretty upset that I found it.

As I turn the corner, I see a shadow pass by the frosted glass window... I'm guessing it's just the trees. This time of year, the wind gets pretty bad. I turn around and head back towards my little dinner area. Suddenly there's a tap on my shoulder amd I swing around - unfortunately, I forgot that the bucket was right behind me. I trip, fall, and almost get a bucket full of dirty water on my head. From out of the shadows comes a small waif-like creature with short hair, a buttoned jacket and a mischevious grin.  The doctor's daughter.

She stifles a laugh, obviously she feels bad and didn't mean to knock me over.  "Very funny!"  I shout. I pretend to be mad, but honestly, I'm just glad she's giving me the time of day. Last week she didn't say one word to me, she had her head in those books all week. She has her own key, so she comes and goes as she pleases. She helps me up.

"Seen my dad?" she asks. I am not sure if he wants to be disturbed, usually, he doesn't.  I pride myself on being his gatekeeper when the security guard goes home. Even if it's his daughter.  I start to come up with an elaborate speech on how he's a very busy man, and in the middle of multiple projects, when she is already walking past me down the hall to the open door. "Wait!" I shout.

She's already down the hall and knocking on the door.  "Dad, what are you doing down there?" I catch up to the basement door as she is halfway down the stairs. I'm still stupidly holding the mop. I decide to open my mouth and say "I really think you should come back later, last time I came down here and he was in the middle of something, he was NOT happy."

It's true, I remember it like it was yesterday.  It was a little over a year ago, and I was looking for the banner for the expo.  We use the same one every year, just change the year on it.  That's when I saw the machine.  It was covered under a sheet, and I thought I saw the expo banner sticking out of the bottom, so I pulled on it.  I meant to pull out the banner only,s but the whole sheet came off.  I saw something I couldn't even begin to understand, but I never forgot it.

It was ten feet tall ; I know this because I'm almost seven feet tall. It had several tubes connected to it, reminded me of the back of a washing machine. I tried to figure out what it was made for but before I could touch it, I heard the professor coming down the stairs.  I panicked.. I didn't want him to know I saw anything, even if it was an accident.  I threw the sheet over the top of it before he got to the bottom of the staircase. I'm not sure if he knew I saw anything, but he sure was mad.  He said I had missed cleaning the entire food court area, as well as the bathrooms on the second floor.  And when I told him I was looking for the sign for the expo, he threw it at me and told me to get out.

Two weeks later, I made almost 25 dollars more. I'm not sure if he gave me a raise because he felt bad for yelling at me or what. But ever since that night, I have seem students coming in late at night.  My shift always ends before they go home.  I never asked him about it, I just felt like he wouldn't like it.


Here we are, almost a year later, and the night before the expo.  I have the sign, I just need to hang it up outside. But should I help her find her Dad first?  I decide against it.  She's already out of sight and it's not my place to get involved. I also want to protect myself... from him. Not that he would hurt me, but I've got to think of my mom.  What would she do if I was fired for sticking my nose in his business?

The wind is whipping up outside as I open the rusty roof door. I just have to hang the sign over the edge and let it roll down.  The clouds are forming pretty quickly as I heave the sign over my shoulder onto the edge of the roof.  One of the hooks are missing, figures.  Nothing in this place is tip top shape anymore, despite my best efforts.  I fumble with my tool belt to try and grab a piece of wire or spare hook, making sure I'm holding up the sign with my other hand.  I definitely don't want it to fall all the way down the 5 stories. Not that it will get damaged, but imagine hauling it all the way back up?

Be careful what you wish for, or as my mom says, be careful what you wish AGAINST. The sign slips from my grasp and tumbles over and over down until it barely misses the beat up wood-paneled sedan down below.  It must be her car, she never wanted anything fancy.  She was so used to growing up poor, even though her dad can afford it, she took the family car with pride.  Better get the sign before the rain hits.

I wrench open the heavy rusty door as the wind picks up a bit ; so much that it almost sounds like a scream.  I head back down four flights of stairs and as I'm about to make it down the hall to the lobby, I notice that the basement door is still open.  The odd thing is that I don't hear anything, not a sound.  Not the Doc shuffling papers, not him and his daughter arguing about how late he will be at work, not the gravelly cackle of a laugh he has when he's about to make a point. Nothing.

Aw, heck, it's getting late and he usually talks to me before he leaves.  It might not be such a bad idea.. "Doc?" I say, heading towards the basement door.  I hear a noise, like a piece of furniture being dragged across the floor.  Or was it a trr branch scraping against the window?  "Doctor?" I push the basement door open a little more and start to walk down the stairs. Halfway down I realize I no longer have my mop.  Such a dumb thing to think about, but I feel like if I had it I would hold it out like am oriental sword again. The stairs have no railing, I kept meaning to fix that but every time he comes down here, he keeps the door shut or locks it behind him.  "Doc?  Sorry to bother you sir but your daughter was looking for you.  Also, I just..." I hear faint sobbing.  Completely unexpected.

When I get to the bottom of the stairs, my eyes adjust to the dim light.  Besides the small window at the top, with moonlight coming through, there was a small device in the corner - Doc's piece for the expo tomorrow I think.  He showed it to me one night when he had been up for 24 hours straight and slightly delirious. It was just a small display with two green dots and a line.  He called it "Electronic Tennis".  I notice signs of a struggle, several pieces of paper strewn all over the floor, Doc's ashtray overturned on the ground, a broken coffee cup, and... for a moment, it looks like a tiny green tornado of dust.  When the dust settles, I see the machine.  It looks different than it did a year ago.  But I don't have time to notice because I figure out where the sobbing is coming from.  Doc is on the floor with his arms around the base of the machine and his cracked glasses lying on the floor next to him.

I help him up.  "What happened Doc? What can I do?"

"She... she's GONE! My brilliant daughter.. my buttercup..."

"No, no - she just came down here looking for you, did you see her?"

And this is where that famous temper reared its ugly head. This is what the doctor is known for :  "Of course I've seen her, you idiot!  She came down here and we had a fight and now she's GONE!" and his woive cracked and he sat back down on the dirty ground.  Well I certainly don't like being called names, and as much as I don't like to rock the boat either, something in me snapped.  Had a fight and she's gone? "What did you do to her?" I ask, raising up to my full height for the first time since I set foot in the laboratory. "What do you mean she's gone?  What did you fight about?"  I don't realize that my voice has raised until I see the look in his eyes - for the first time ever - fear.

"Please... you've got to help me," he cries. I'm looking around for any signs of her.  Did he attack her? Did she get away?  I almost forgot for a minute that she was his daughter. "My.. my.. baby girl.." he's looking towards the machine.  It makes a faint whirring noise and I realize that this whole time, there has been light coming from the porthole-style window in the door... the light goes out and there is a faint sound of a latch being undone, and the door pops open lazily.  It was the first time I saw the inside of the machine, and I was surprised to see it was... well.. empty. Like a closet with no clothes.

"I.. I didn't mean for this to happen... she found out what I was doing and we had an argument.." What was he doing that could be so horrible that his own daughter would not approve? And what did he do to her? I tighten my grip around the mop but before I can ask, he stands up and looks back into the machine again.  " I didn't think she'd do it.."  Just then a loud crash sounds and I lunge toward the doctor.  He grabs my mop and we struggle and suddenly I'm turned around with my back to the machine.  He pushes me in and closes the door and it automatically locks me in.

I pound on it... "What are you doing? What did you do?" But I realize it's sound-proof.  It's a useless struggle.  I don't like small spaces, and this is the smallest I've ever been in.  It doesn't help that the walls are black and the only light is coming from this milky window through which I can see the doctor pacing back and forth.  I don't know if it's the glass, but his face looks distorted.  He starts to walk up the stairs, then back down again, pacing, pacing. I can't take it anymore and decide to pound on the glass with the handle of the mop.. no use.  It's almost like he's already forgotten I was there. Just when I think he's going to leave me to rot overnight or worse, I hear a crackle and his voice from a speaker overhead.  I look through the glass and he's sitting at his desk pushing on an intercom button.  His face has an eerie calm to it, the glass almost makes him look like a wrinkled mannequin.

"Now listen to me very carefully. I know you may think this is all very bizzare, and you probably won't believe me. But you will soon."  I try to shout at him but he just keeps on talking, staring through the milky glass.  I wonder if he can see me. "I have been performing experiments for the last year. Yes, several students have gone missing. Don't pretend like you didn't notice." I.. I.. suddenly I feel guilty.  I remember when Doc had me put flyers up all over school. He said it was something he was doing in collaboration with one of the Chemistry professors, a series of experiments for extra credits.  Every time one of them showed up, he would send me home early that night.  I didn't think twice about it. How stupid!

"My daughter... disapproved of my actions.  She came down here and saw some of my papers regarding one of the missing students.  She tried to.. teach me a lesson."  I'm not sure if it's the intercom, but it sounded like his voice was breaking.  He shouted and the mic crackled "She put herself in the experiment!"  What? I am thinking to myself.  What is the experiment?  As if he can read my mind, he continues "The experiment is harmless.. now.. thanks to several failed iterations.  What if you could.. go back in time.. change things for the better? Well, I was so close.. my boy, you are standing inside of a TIME MACHINE."

You don't know what to say ; you barely understand what he's talking about.  He is oddly quiet for a minute; just when you think he's sobbing again, he says "She... I... tried to stop her... I tried to SAVE her.  When she smashed the Controller Board and locked herself inside the machine, she was able to POWER IT ON FROM THE INSIDE! I knew it would be unpredictable, so I connected the Table Tennis Controller Board as a replacement Controller Board.. it was my only hope.. and now ... well I don't know where she's gone. Please... PLEASE... I need you to find her."

I heard him fumbling around with the microphone, it was brushing against his lab coat. I wasn't sure if there was noise coming through the internal speakers, but I heard a faint, low-pitched humming noise. "Doc.. Doc, what are you doing?  What's going to happen to me?  Just... let me out of here and we'll find your daughter... just open the door." It was useless, I was talking to a wall ; he couldn't hear me, and something tells me he wouldn't listen anyway.  The humming was getting louder.

Wait.. he said she powered the machine on from the inside.. maybe.. maybe that means I can power it OFF from the inside!  I look around frantically, a lab rat in a cage.  There was a tiny speaker in the ceiling held in by four screws. I had my tool belt with me if I wanted to try and disconnect it.  What else?  There are a couple of toggle switches in the bottom corner, painted black to match the interior of the machine.. surprising that he would have them available, especially if he was trapping people in here.  There is a wire running along the wall and up and into a small box, which almost looks like an air vent."

I decide to grab the wire - just an impulse.  It is painted black and the paint has dried it stuck.  In my panic I hadn't noticed the tiny room was vibrating.  I grab the wire and rip it from the wall... the connected vent stays attached to the wall and tiny sparks flicker from the exposed wire. "What? Malfunction?" the Doctor's voice crackles through the speaker.  "No!  This can't be! Unless you are meddling with the machine!  You have no idea what you're doing, BOY!"  A green mist is starting to come out of the small vent, although I can't tell if it's because I ripped out the wire or not.

"Listen to me! GET DOWN! SIT DOWN! WRAP YOUR ARMS AROUND YOUR LEGS!"  Something tells me to listen to him ; he may be crazy, but not stupid.  He wants me to survive this experiment so I can find his daughter.  As soon as I bend over, a ball of flame shoots out from the vent, probably due to the wire I just ripped.  Then there is a silence.  I think for a second I was able to stop the machine, as I curl up in a ball like he recommended.  But then...

There is a flash of green light, like that sunny day when we lost power and I went outside and nearly blinded myself in the sun. Only there was no heat, only light and a drilling pain in the back of my head.  I felt the floor drop away and could no longer tell if I was right side up or falling fast.  I am afraid to open my eyes, but I realize that there is no wind.  I look down and see black shapes jutting down into a green mist.. then another flash and the shapes turn green and the mist turns black, and I realize I am looking up instead of down.  It reminds me of our trip to the city when I was a kid.  As the shapes float past, I realize i'm floating higher and higher ; I look down and see a series of roads and bridges, all various shades of green, some lights blinking on and off.  I have no idea what's going on, but a small part of me feels excited ; I am finally part of something bigger than myself.  Maybe I'm just relieved that I didn't die.. at least I hope that's not what happened.

As I get higher, the green meltx away and there's just blackness again.  And a green moon high in the mist.  It's so big, like what his daughter calls a "blood moon".  It's getting bigger every second!  Then, I realize it's not a moon but a large ball.  Am I floating into the sun?  Why is it green? Something tells me that I'm not floating into the sun but the sun is floating towards me.  How do I get out of the way? My grip tightens in fear and I realize I am still holding the mop.

My eyes start to adjust and I realize there seems to be only darkness and lightness - but I can start to see details.. the floor is shiny black and CLEAN... so clean it's unnatural.. I look around me and all I see is some sort of a building in my peripheral vision to the right.. so I make a run for it... hopefully I can make it before the sun burns me alive!  As I get closer, I realize it's not a building at all, but some sort of pill shaped... machine.  It is painted dark green and seems cobbled together with various metal pieces.. so out of place on the shiny clean floor... As I get closer, I see a ladder on the back corner.  I grab on to the ladder as the sun is almost completely engulfing my view.

Thank God I have a tight grip - ladder in one hand, mop in the other - because the machine is MOVING!  I hear a roaring fire and when I look down, all I see and feel is the heat of fire shooting out of some sort of thrusters underneath me.  And the entire pill-shaped box LUNGES to my left, directly in the path of the sun!  Just as I'm about to jump off (and possibly land in the middle of a fiery mess), I hear the strangest sound.  It reminds me of something, but I can't put my finger on it.  And it echoes throughout the blackness, as if we are inside of a giant metal box.

Right nefore I think everything is going to engulfed by the sun, the brightness gets darker.  I don't realize it at first but my head is buried in my shoulder.  I loosen my white-knuckle grip on the ladder and climb to the top.  I am standing on top of this strange floating machine, and the sun is going away!  It is flying away towards the other side of this giant room.  The machine's thrusters shut off and With a large metallic CLOMP, it hits the floor. I almost lose my balance but drop to my knees.  When I look up again, the sun has lit up what seems like the other side of the world, but is really just the other end of this giant box that we are inside.  There is another machine at the other end of the room, similar to this one.  Its thrusters kick in and hurtle it toward the oncoming sun.  Just as I think it's about to be destroyed, it collides with the sun and I hear that strange yet familiar sound again.  Then I realize where I heard it before.

About a year ago, the professor kept talking about his "little game".  He would always dismiss it as something trivial, something that "people like me" would eat up like candy.  He called it "Table Tennis for Two".  But one night, I snuck down the stairs when he was visiting with his daughter.  I couldn't believe it - I never saw him laugh until that night.  By the green glow of a little monitor, sitting across from each other, they were playing with the prototype.  There were wires everywhere, and the screen was fuzzy, but they were playing what seemed to be a competition - two lines moving back and forth, and a little dot - bouncing - between them.  And when the dot hit the line - the "tennis racket" - it made a PING sound.  And when it made the noise, his daughter would giggle.  That sound - that's the sound I just heard, only way lower and louder - as if glass was being shattered a million times over, and echoed in a giant metal canyon.

Before I can think any more on this, I realized that the sun was coming BACK toward the machine I was standing on top of.  Something tells me that it won't be pretty if I'm not protected by this giant metal hulk. I can climb back down the ladder and make a run for it... but wait!  A whirring noise off to my left - a vent with a giant fan, spinning lazily, blowing air upwards.  If I can jump down the opening, I can get inside.  But I might not be fast enough.  I take my mop and jam it in the opening, just as the thrusters kick in and I almost slide off.  The fan gets stuck and I climb down into the dark opening.

I'm in a narrow ventilation shaft, and the light from above gets brighter and brighter until there is a loud PING and the entire machine shakes and rumbles.  I can barely make out another spinning fan at one end, and a drop down at the other.  I decide to take my chances with the drop down, I don't want to know who or what is making this thing tick, not yet.  I need to hide and gather my thoughts.  I wrestle my mop free and unfortunately, the fan seems to have shorted out.  I crawl on my hands and knees in the dark until I can no longer feel the bottom of the ventilation shaft. I'm not sure how far it goes, so I dip the mop down - unfortunately, I am only using one hand, and suddenly there is another PING and rumble.  The mop drops from my hand and clatters downward.

Voices! I hear voices!  They are more high pitched than I'm used to.  I can't tell if they are coming from below or behind me at the other end of the shaft.  I decide to abandon my mop and scramble back the way I came.. to the other air vent.  The problem is, the fan is spinning and I have nothing to stop it with.  If I can just make the jump at the right time, I can get through the vent.  The problem is, I don't know what's waiting for me on the other side.  I decide to risk it.

Oh no! I wish I had my mop... I try to time it perfectly but slam head first into a whirring metal fan blade.  Luckily it wasn't moving fast enough to cut me but I feel a ringing in my ears that won't go away as I come crashing through metal and mesh onto a hard grated floor.  I look up and pass out just in time to see a strange spaceman looking down on me.

I wake up to a bad odor as I see three very short, squatty creatures in front of me, waving what looks like a beaker from the Doctor's laboratory. The strange thing is, the bubbles coming out of it are, well, instead of round, they are more of a square shape.  In fact, everything in the room has a kind of square look to it, including their strange little space helmets.  They are all a very specific shade of green with a black visor in front, so I can't see their faces.  I can tell they are happy that I woke up, though, from the squeals of joy that they let out, and the clapping of hands.

Then, one of them walks up, and slaps me square in the face.  I raise my fists to defend myself.. or at least I try to, but realize they are tied to a chair, along with my chest and legs. "HEY!" I shout, the ringing in my head is coming back.  "Just who do you think you are?  Let me out of this!"  They seem to shrink back for a moment, so I try to reason with them.  "Look, I'm sorry I messed up your space ship... I'm lost.. if you can just let me know how to get back to Brookhaven, I'll be on my way.  I just happen to know some people who can.. they can pay you back for the damages!"

Suddenly, they start to chatter among themselves, then the one who slapped me jumps back in my face and starts yelling.  It sounds like gibberish to me.  Then, another one comes around the side and puts a strange device on my head, it looks like earmuffs my mom used to make me wear when it was real snowy outside.  The yelling GEts a little rough, as if he was speaking through a tin can. Then a voice comes into focus. "... one of them! I know you are!  They have disguised you as a strange alien creature, but we KNOW WHAT YOU ARE!"


* THey think he's a spy from "the other side"
* He asks what is happening and they say they are "at war" but they can't explain why
* THey are distracted and almost miss the ball
* He asks what happens if they miss the ball and they won't talk about it
* He escapes right before they miss the ball and get destroyed
* THe ball creates a "hole" in the game and he goes through and ends up in Puck-Man (hockey)








